It's super late!
How do I have to go to have time to make today's video?
How can I spend so much time and energy?
To make anything meaningful for my millions of users?
Oh, yes, I will let you Laut YOU LOSE!
*Sweden*
I am tired, so this will be difficult.
This will be really hard.
The rules are simple:
Let's just jump in.
[WTF pewds ??]
"I bet you continue to understand this video one word"
[laugh at pewds]
[Jesus, WHAT]
[For those who really need these subtitles, to be honest, who doesn’t need people they can’t understand, she said: 'say
[Taekwondo is wrong? ]
no longer.
No more of this.
[Pewds imitation]
SKRATTARDUFORLOARDU
This is correct, Jay Chou X∞
I have not tried yet
Too poor.
I took my communication while I communicated.
This is correct, this is so much-
I just realized that it is getting hotter and hotter, I think I got the point of it,
He said: "This is the correct Jay Chou", although I like the red letter media very much.
It really made me sneak.
I am also that kind of heat.
Thank you for your condolences.
This should be better, now I am more comfortable.
How are you? *laugh*
Seventy-six million users, this is too good to be good.
This is, how are you getting the peak?
78, this is correct, Jesus Christ. [But is it 79? ]
LET'S just keep jumping into IT people
Have you lost a challenge?
[climax]
I know Mars, I want to say this.
Oh, nice.
I am a Mars and have a drum kit and every one we play on the switch is so fun.
It's like legit-*laugh*
What is the actual embodiment of what it feels like to play this game.
[ww.letmesliceoffyourdick.com]
What is interesting, wonderful lady said?
Www.letmeslice
Man: I am very grateful to my friends.
Man: Also, my wife, my girlfriend. I mean my wife"
[facepalms X∞]
Man: I said, my wife..
M: I am sorry, my wife, I love you so much.
*Laugh* Is it true? This seems to be a fake.
Pewds: I love how he looks at the camera.
[repeat]
* pewds laugh *
He looks at the camera, such as: gastrointestinal bleeding, damn
Jesus confirmed SMASH
Thank you Jesus
CHRISTIAN CHANNEL, very cool
Oh, my God, I am terrified. Now, I am shaking.
I am shaking, Jesus Christ
How long can I extend this joke to extend the video?
We just kept jumping into it, no problem.
What exactly is this?
what is this?
what is this? ?
[true horror]
* pewds laugh *
* pewds laughs again*
* Then again*
What is this, right?
Why am I always down?
This is the damn beauty of Viking level
Just plain [some words, I didn't get it]
What is a deposit insurance plan? why?
[I should not have my own opinion, but EW]
alright, I got it.
* pewds laugh * Hello, I am Kelley Borg
From Pew News
Hey, Felix! Can we comment from you on this article?
BYE!
What big hell is DAT?
[What is the meaning of life? ]
Oh!
I can't believe I laughed [I am also]
So bad, fucking
You know, this time, I lost, ok? I actually lost
In fact, I-
How many events have been waiting?
I surrender
I lost
I lost, fucking
Ok, move on. We are just guys who keep jumping in.
science
This will be science [science, pewds]
Just play it.
I already know what the future is.
* Weird ass noise*
Jesus Chri- OOF
*Mum*
* Try to pronounce the sound of Quake*
"Jonathan"
JONATHAN
Come here, Jonathan!
Through [something I can't identify] power
wait. Why don't you know this?
[looking at her face]
*Weird laughter by Putt*
If this is true or not I can't tell.
That's too interesting.
Oh, my sides. Oh, nice.
The essential! !
I really disappeared.
At this point, I don't care.
Is this there?
It doesn't matter.
Oh X4
Jeez-* finally laughs*
I saw one
But I forgot.
Jesus Christ
Guess that some people don't like people to approach.
This is why I have social anxiety problems. [you do? ]
What will happen?
No.
I can't believe that I fell in love with that Mihm!
I think it's time to stand out from Meimei, guys. God darning it.
Ok. Let's end here. [This is what he said]
Smash the same if you like it.
Thank you, for a year, you laugh at you to lose weight.
Wow. This is my pleasure, honored.
Breaking for you like this film.
I hope you like it, it really means a lot of me.
You like to smash this film twice.
Thank you, so much. I love you, so much.
See you so much next year.
I see you, so much.
Goodbye, so much.